README-for-users.md, before:

# Splitcells™ Network Meta

We establish an open source [ecosystem](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html) centred around optimization and operations research.
We provide problem-solving functionality to users
from solving the [N-Queen puzzle](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/test/functionality/n-queen-problem.html) to
planning the [final high schools exams](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/nocode/index.html).
Domain experts interact the [code editor](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/code/index.html)
and developers use a concise [programming language](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/code/index.html).
The software is available as an [accessible cloud platform](https://live.splitcells.net/) and
also runs locally as a [desktop program](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html).
The [shell project](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/shell/README.html) provides additional tooling
for the development and deployment of this software project.

## Where to start?
🗞️️ Get an insights via our [blog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/community/blog/index.html), [Mastodon/Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@splitcells),
the project's [history](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/history/index.html)
and our [changelog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/CHANGELOG.global.html).

🚀 [Use the software on the live server.](https://live.splitcells.net/)

🚴 [Model and optimize problems.](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html)

🥅 Understand the [objectives](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/objectives.html) of the project.

🛍️ [Download](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html) the software.

🪧 Get to know the main [features](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/advertisement.html).

🚑 Get some [community help and support](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community/issues).

🏗️ [Deploy](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/deployment.html) the software or [develop](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/DEVELOPMENT.html) programs with this project.

🔬 Analyze and organize your operations and prepare schedules.

🤝 Collaborate large decision-making networks.

🦉 Get a [bird's-eye project view](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/overview.html).

🔭 Research optimization.

📚 Get structured documentation.

⚖️ [View licensing information](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/LICENSE.html).

✍ [Access](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub) the source code, [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) the software and [contribute](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/CONTRIBUTING.html) to the projects.

💰 Support [contributors](https://www.patreon.com/splitcells_net).

📣 Spread the word!

## Notes
* This user README and the [developer README](./README.md) should have the sameish content.

Commit message:

Replace desktop link with build link, #37
as desktop app is disabled for now.

Signed-off-by: Mārtiņš Avots <martins.avots@splitcells.net>

README-for-users.md, after:

# Splitcells™ Network Meta

We establish an open source [ecosystem](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html) centred around optimization and operations research.
We provide problem-solving functionality to users
from solving the [N-Queen puzzle](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/test/functionality/n-queen-problem.html) to
planning the [final high schools exams](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/nocode/index.html).
Domain experts interact the [code editor](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/geal/index.html)
and developers use a concise programming language.
The software is available as an [accessible cloud platform](https://live.splitcells.net/),
but can also be [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) and run locally.
The [shell project](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/shell/README.html) provides additional tooling
for the development and deployment of this software project.

## Where to start?
🗞️️ Get an insights via our [blog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/community/blog/index.html), [Mastodon/Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@splitcells),
the project's [history](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/history/index.html)
and our [changelog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/CHANGELOG.global.html).

🚀 [Use the software on the live server.](https://live.splitcells.net/)

🚴 [Model and optimize problems.](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html)

🥅 Understand the [objectives](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/objectives.html) of the project.

🛍️ [Download](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html) the software.

🪧 Get to know the main [features](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/advertisement.html).

🚑 Get some [community help and support](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community/issues).

🏗️ [Deploy](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/deployment.html) the software or [develop](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/DEVELOPMENT.html) programs with this project.

🔬 Analyze and organize your operations and prepare schedules.

🤝 Collaborate large decision-making networks.

🦉 Get a [bird's-eye project view](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/overview.html).

🔭 Research optimization.

📚 Get structured documentation.

⚖️ [View licensing information](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/LICENSE.html).

✍ [Access](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub) the source code, [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) the software and [contribute](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/CONTRIBUTING.html) to the projects.

💰 Support [contributors](https://www.patreon.com/splitcells_net).

📣 Spread the word!

## Notes
* This user README and the [developer README](./README.md) should have the sameish content.
