README.md, before:

# Splitcells[™](https://register.dpma.de/DPMAregister/marke/register/3020232218735/DE) Network Hub

<div align="center">
  <img src="http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/martins/avots/website/images/license.standard/net.splitcells.network.logo.for.readme.svg" style="width: 98%; display: block; margin: 1%;"/>
  <p>Together we are more than the sum of our cells.</p>
  <br/>
</div>

We establish an open source [ecosystem](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html) centred around optimization and operations research.
We provide problem-solving functionality to users
from solving the [N-Queen puzzle](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/test/functionality/n-queen-problem.html) to
planning the [final high schools exams](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/nocode/index.html).
Domain experts interact the [code editor](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/geal/index.html)
and developers use a concise programming language.
The software is available as an [accessible cloud platform](https://live.splitcells.net/) and
also runs locally as a [desktop program](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html).
The [shell project](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/shell/README.html) provides additional tooling
for the development and deployment of this software project.

## Where to start?
🗞️️ Get an insights via our [blog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/community/blog/index.html), [Mastodon/Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@splitcells),
the project's [history](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/history/index.html)
and our [changelog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/CHANGELOG.global.html).

🚀 [Use the software on the live server.](https://live.splitcells.net/)

🚴 [Model and optimize problems.](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html)

🥅 Understand the [objectives](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/objectives.html) of the project.

🛍️ [Download](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html) the software.

🪧 Get to know the main [features](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/advertisement.html).

🚑 Get some [community help and support](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community/issues).

🏗️ [Deploy](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/deployment.html) the software or [develop](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/DEVELOPMENT.html) programs with this project.

🔬 Analyze and organize your operations and prepare schedules.

🤝 Collaborate large decision-making networks.

🦉 Get a [bird's-eye project view](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/overview.html).

🔭 Research optimization.

📚 Get structured documentation.

⚖️ [View licensing information](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/LICENSE.html).

✍ [Access](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub) the source code, [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) the software and [contribute](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/CONTRIBUTING.html) to the projects.

💰 Support [contributors](https://www.patreon.com/splitcells_net).

📣 Spread the word!

## Project Status
* Statistics: [![Commits per month](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network?label=commits)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/pulse)
  [![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Code size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)
* Cloud Status:
  [![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/actions/workflows/net.splitcells.system.build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/actions/workflows/net.splitcells.system.build.yml)
  [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Technical Debt](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=sqale_index)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)
  [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6588/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6588)
* [Daily Workflow on Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub/actions)
## Infrastructure
* Rendered Documentation via [a personal website](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/README.html)
* For complex and documented tickets [the network community repo](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community) is used.
* Repository Hosts:
    * [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net) is the main host, where development is done and planned.
    * [Github](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network) is the secondary host and used as a backup.
## Purpose of this repository
This is an inventory and introduction of all Splitcells projects and its infrastructure.
Thereby, this makes the core repo `net.splitcells.network` independent of other repos.
This in turn, creates a focus on treating other repos more like plugins, that extend the core repo.
## IDE
This is also a multi project module project, that links to all Splitcells Network repos,
so these can be easily imported into IDEs.
This is especially useful,
when cross project automatic refactoring is done via an IDE.
## Credits
* [Public Key of the Founder and Main Developer Mārtiņš Avots (Martins Avots)](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=F844A8297DEB16D9B9486323A6A6108FC3486F37)
## Notes
* This developer README and the [user README](./README-for-users.md) should have the sameish content.

Commit message:

Replace desktop link with build link, #37
as desktop app is disabled for now.

Signed-off-by: Mārtiņš Avots <martins.avots@splitcells.net>

README.md, after:

# Splitcells[™](https://register.dpma.de/DPMAregister/marke/register/3020232218735/DE) Network Hub

<div align="center">
  <img src="http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/martins/avots/website/images/license.standard/net.splitcells.network.logo.for.readme.svg" style="width: 98%; display: block; margin: 1%;"/>
  <p>Together we are more than the sum of our cells.</p>
  <br/>
</div>

We establish an open source [ecosystem](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html) centred around optimization and operations research.
We provide problem-solving functionality to users
from solving the [N-Queen puzzle](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/test/functionality/n-queen-problem.html) to
planning the [final high schools exams](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/nocode/index.html).
Domain experts interact the [code editor](https://live.splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/ui/editor/geal/index.html)
and developers use a concise programming language.
The software is available as an [accessible cloud platform](https://live.splitcells.net/),
but can also be [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) and run locally.
The [shell project](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/shell/README.html) provides additional tooling
for the development and deployment of this software project.

## Where to start?
🗞️️ Get an insights via our [blog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/community/blog/index.html), [Mastodon/Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@splitcells),
the project's [history](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/history/index.html)
and our [changelog](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/CHANGELOG.global.html).

🚀 [Use the software on the live server.](https://live.splitcells.net/)

🚴 [Model and optimize problems.](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/gel/index.html)

🥅 Understand the [objectives](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/objectives.html) of the project.

🛍️ [Download](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/distro/downloads/index.html) the software.

🪧 Get to know the main [features](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/advertisement.html).

🚑 Get some [community help and support](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community/issues).

🏗️ [Deploy](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/deployment.html) the software or [develop](http://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/DEVELOPMENT.html) programs with this project.

🔬 Analyze and organize your operations and prepare schedules.

🤝 Collaborate large decision-making networks.

🦉 Get a [bird's-eye project view](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/overview.html).

🔭 Research optimization.

📚 Get structured documentation.

⚖️ [View licensing information](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/LICENSE.html).

✍ [Access](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub) the source code, [build](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/BUILD.html) the software and [contribute](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/CONTRIBUTING.html) to the projects.

💰 Support [contributors](https://www.patreon.com/splitcells_net).

📣 Spread the word!

## Project Status
* Statistics: [![Commits per month](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network?label=commits)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/pulse)
  [![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Code size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)
* Cloud Status:
  [![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/actions/workflows/net.splitcells.system.build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network/actions/workflows/net.splitcells.system.build.yml)
  [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Technical Debt](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=sqale_index)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=www-splitcells-net_net.splitcells.network)
  [![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network)
  [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6588/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6588)
* [Daily Workflow on Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.hub/actions)
## Infrastructure
* Rendered Documentation via [a personal website](https://splitcells.net/net/splitcells/network/README.html)
* For complex and documented tickets [the network community repo](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network.community) is used.
* Repository Hosts:
    * [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/splitcells-net) is the main host, where development is done and planned.
    * [Github](https://github.com/www-splitcells-net/net.splitcells.network) is the secondary host and used as a backup.
## Purpose of this repository
This is an inventory and introduction of all Splitcells projects and its infrastructure.
Thereby, this makes the core repo `net.splitcells.network` independent of other repos.
This in turn, creates a focus on treating other repos more like plugins, that extend the core repo.
## IDE
This is also a multi project module project, that links to all Splitcells Network repos,
so these can be easily imported into IDEs.
This is especially useful,
when cross project automatic refactoring is done via an IDE.
## Credits
* [Public Key of the Founder and Main Developer Mārtiņš Avots (Martins Avots)](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=F844A8297DEB16D9B9486323A6A6108FC3486F37)
## Notes
* This developer README and the [user README](./README-for-users.md) should have the sameish content.
